again the word of the Lord came to me
again the word of the Lord came to me son of man calls Jerusalem to know her
son of man calls Jerusalem to know her
son of man calls Jerusalem to know her abominations and say thus says the Lord
abominations and say thus says the Lord
abominations and say thus says the Lord God to Jerusalem your birth and your
God to Jerusalem your birth and your
God to Jerusalem your birth and your nativity are from the land of Canaan
nativity are from the land of Canaan
nativity are from the land of Canaan your father was an amirite and your
your father was an amirite and your
your father was an amirite and your mother a hittite as for your nativity on
mother a hittite as for your nativity on
mother a hittite as for your nativity on the day you were born your navel cord
the day you were born your navel cord
the day you were born your navel cord was not cut nor were you washed in water
was not cut nor were you washed in water
was not cut nor were you washed in water to cleanse you
to cleanse you
to cleanse you you were not rubbed with salt nor
you were not rubbed with salt nor
you were not rubbed with salt nor wrapped in swaddling clothes no I pity
wrapped in swaddling clothes no I pity
wrapped in swaddling clothes no I pity you to do any of these things for you to
you to do any of these things for you to
you to do any of these things for you to have compassion on you but you were
have compassion on you but you were
have compassion on you but you were thrown out into the open field when you
thrown out into the open field when you
thrown out into the open field when you yourself were loathed on the day you
yourself were loathed on the day you
yourself were loathed on the day you were born
were born
were born and when I passed by you and saw you
and when I passed by you and saw you
and when I passed by you and saw you struggling in your own blood I said to
struggling in your own blood I said to
struggling in your own blood I said to you in your blood live yes I said to you
you in your blood live yes I said to you
you in your blood live yes I said to you in your blood live I made you thrive
in your blood live I made you thrive
in your blood live I made you thrive like a plant in the field and you grew
like a plant in the field and you grew
like a plant in the field and you grew matured and became very beautiful your
matured and became very beautiful your
matured and became very beautiful your breasts were formed your hair grew but
breasts were formed your hair grew but
breasts were formed your hair grew but you were naked and bad
you were naked and bad
you were naked and bad when I passed by you again and looked
when I passed by you again and looked
when I passed by you again and looked upon you indeed your time was the time
upon you indeed your time was the time
upon you indeed your time was the time of love so I spread my wing over you and
of love so I spread my wing over you and
of love so I spread my wing over you and covered your nakedness yes I swore an
covered your nakedness yes I swore an
covered your nakedness yes I swore an oath to you and entered into a covenant
oath to you and entered into a covenant
oath to you and entered into a covenant with you and you became mine then I
with you and you became mine then I
with you and you became mine then I washed you in water yes I thoroughly
washed you in water yes I thoroughly
washed you in water yes I thoroughly washed off your blood and I anointed you
washed off your blood and I anointed you
washed off your blood and I anointed you with oil i clothed you an embroidered
with oil i clothed you an embroidered
with oil i clothed you an embroidered cloth and gave you sandals of badger
cloth and gave you sandals of badger
cloth and gave you sandals of badger skin i clothed you with fine linen and
skin i clothed you with fine linen and
skin i clothed you with fine linen and covered you with silk i adorn You with
covered you with silk i adorn You with
covered you with silk i adorn You with ornaments put bracelets on your wrists
ornaments put bracelets on your wrists
ornaments put bracelets on your wrists and a chain on your neck and I put a
and a chain on your neck and I put a
and a chain on your neck and I put a jewel in your nose earrings in your ears
jewel in your nose earrings in your ears
jewel in your nose earrings in your ears and a beautiful crown on your head thus
and a beautiful crown on your head thus
and a beautiful crown on your head thus you were adorned with gold and silver
you were adorned with gold and silver
you were adorned with gold and silver and your clothing was a fine linen silk
and your clothing was a fine linen silk
and your clothing was a fine linen silk and embroidered cloth you ate pastry of
and embroidered cloth you ate pastry of
and embroidered cloth you ate pastry of fine flour honey and oil you were
fine flour honey and oil you were
fine flour honey and oil you were exceedingly beautiful and succeeded to
exceedingly beautiful and succeeded to
exceedingly beautiful and succeeded to royalty your fame went out among the
royalty your fame went out among the
royalty your fame went out among the nations because of your beauty for it
nations because of your beauty for it
nations because of your beauty for it was perfect
was perfect
was perfect through my splendor which I had bestowed
through my splendor which I had bestowed
through my splendor which I had bestowed on you but you trusted in your own
on you but you trusted in your own
on you but you trusted in your own beauty played the harlot because of your
beauty played the harlot because of your
beauty played the harlot because of your fame and poured out your harlotry on
fame and poured out your harlotry on
fame and poured out your harlotry on everyone passing by who would have it
everyone passing by who would have it
everyone passing by who would have it you took some of your garments and
you took some of your garments and
you took some of your garments and adorned multi-coloured high places for
adorned multi-coloured high places for
adorned multi-coloured high places for yourself and played the harlot on
yourself and played the harlot on
yourself and played the harlot on such things should not happen nor be you
such things should not happen nor be you
such things should not happen nor be you have also taken your beautiful jewelry
have also taken your beautiful jewelry
have also taken your beautiful jewelry from my gold and my silver which I had
from my gold and my silver which I had
from my gold and my silver which I had given you and made for yourself
given you and made for yourself
given you and made for yourself male images and played the harlot with
male images and played the harlot with
male images and played the harlot with them you took your embroidered garments
them you took your embroidered garments
them you took your embroidered garments and covered them and you set my oil and
and covered them and you set my oil and
and covered them and you set my oil and my incense before them also my food
my incense before them also my food
my incense before them also my food which I gave him the pastry of fine
which I gave him the pastry of fine
which I gave him the pastry of fine flour oil and honey which I fed you you
flour oil and honey which I fed you you
flour oil and honey which I fed you you set it before them a sweet incense and
set it before them a sweet incense and
set it before them a sweet incense and so it was moreover you took your sons
so it was moreover you took your sons
so it was moreover you took your sons and your daughters whom you bought me
and your daughters whom you bought me
and your daughters whom you bought me and these you sacrifice to them to be
and these you sacrifice to them to be
and these you sacrifice to them to be devolved were your acts of harlotry a
devolved were your acts of harlotry a
devolved were your acts of harlotry a small matter that you have slain my
small matter that you have slain my
small matter that you have slain my children and offered them up to them by
children and offered them up to them by
children and offered them up to them by causing them to pass through the fire
causing them to pass through the fire
causing them to pass through the fire and in all your abominations and acts of
and in all your abominations and acts of
and in all your abominations and acts of harlotry you did not remember the days
harlotry you did not remember the days
harlotry you did not remember the days of your youth when you were naked and
of your youth when you were naked and
of your youth when you were naked and bare struggling in your blood then it
bare struggling in your blood then it
bare struggling in your blood then it was so after all your wickedness world
was so after all your wickedness world
was so after all your wickedness world woe to you says the Lord God that you
woe to you says the Lord God that you
woe to you says the Lord God that you also built for yourself a shrine and
also built for yourself a shrine and
also built for yourself a shrine and made a high place for yourself in every
made a high place for yourself in every
made a high place for yourself in every street you built your high places at the
street you built your high places at the
street you built your high places at the head of every road and made your beauty
head of every road and made your beauty
head of every road and made your beauty before you offered yourself to everyone
before you offered yourself to everyone
before you offered yourself to everyone who passed by and multiplied your acts
who passed by and multiplied your acts
who passed by and multiplied your acts of harlotry you also committed harlotry
of harlotry you also committed harlotry
of harlotry you also committed harlotry with the Egyptians
with the Egyptians
with the Egyptians you're very fleshly neighbors and
you're very fleshly neighbors and
you're very fleshly neighbors and increased your acts of harlotry to
increased your acts of harlotry to
increased your acts of harlotry to provoke me to anger behold therefore I
provoke me to anger behold therefore I
provoke me to anger behold therefore I stretched out my hand against you
stretched out my hand against you
stretched out my hand against you diminished your allotment and gave you
diminished your allotment and gave you
diminished your allotment and gave you up to the will of those who hate you the
up to the will of those who hate you the
up to the will of those who hate you the daughters of the Philistines
daughters of the Philistines
daughters of the Philistines who were ashamed of your lewd behavior
who were ashamed of your lewd behavior
who were ashamed of your lewd behavior you also played the harlot with the
you also played the harlot with the
you also played the harlot with the Assyrians because you were insatiable
Assyrians because you were insatiable
Assyrians because you were insatiable indeed you played the harlot with them
indeed you played the harlot with them
indeed you played the harlot with them and still were not satisfied moreover
and still were not satisfied moreover
and still were not satisfied moreover you multiplied your acts of harlotry as
you multiplied your acts of harlotry as
you multiplied your acts of harlotry as far as the land of the trader Chaldea
far as the land of the trader Chaldea
far as the land of the trader Chaldea and even then you were not satisfied how
and even then you were not satisfied how
and even then you were not satisfied how degenerate is your heart says the Lord
degenerate is your heart says the Lord
degenerate is your heart says the Lord God seeing you do all these things the
God seeing you do all these things the
God seeing you do all these things the deeds of a brazen harlot you erected
deeds of a brazen harlot you erected
deeds of a brazen harlot you erected your shrine at the head of every road
your shrine at the head of every road
your shrine at the head of every road and built your high place in every
and built your high place in every
and built your high place in every street yet you were not like a harlot
street yet you were not like a harlot
street yet you were not like a harlot because you scorned payment you are an
because you scorned payment you are an
because you scorned payment you are an adulterous wife who takes strangers
adulterous wife who takes strangers
adulterous wife who takes strangers instead of her husband men make payments
instead of her husband men make payments
instead of her husband men make payments to all harlots but you made your
to all harlots but you made your
to all harlots but you made your payments to all your lovers and hired
payments to all your lovers and hired
payments to all your lovers and hired them to come to you from all around for
them to come to you from all around for
them to come to you from all around for your hollow tree you are the opposite of
your hollow tree you are the opposite of
your hollow tree you are the opposite of other women in your harlotry because no
other women in your harlotry because no
other women in your harlotry because no one solicited you to be a harlot in that
one solicited you to be a harlot in that
one solicited you to be a harlot in that you gave payment but no payment was
you gave payment but no payment was
you gave payment but no payment was given you therefore you are the opposite
given you therefore you are the opposite
given you therefore you are the opposite now then o harlot hear the word of the
now then o harlot hear the word of the
now then o harlot hear the word of the Lord thus says the Lord God
Lord thus says the Lord God
Lord thus says the Lord God because your filthiness was poured out
because your filthiness was poured out
because your filthiness was poured out and your nakedness uncovered in your
and your nakedness uncovered in your
and your nakedness uncovered in your harlotry with your lovers and with all
harlotry with your lovers and with all
harlotry with your lovers and with all your abominable idols and because of the
your abominable idols and because of the
your abominable idols and because of the blood of your children which you gave to
blood of your children which you gave to
blood of your children which you gave to them surely therefore I will gather all
them surely therefore I will gather all
them surely therefore I will gather all your lovers with whom you took pleasure
your lovers with whom you took pleasure
your lovers with whom you took pleasure all those you loved and all those you
all those you loved and all those you
all those you loved and all those you hated I will gather them from all around
hated I will gather them from all around
hated I will gather them from all around against you and will uncover your
against you and will uncover your
against you and will uncover your nakedness to them that they may see all
nakedness to them that they may see all
nakedness to them that they may see all your nakedness and I will judge you as
your nakedness and I will judge you as
your nakedness and I will judge you as women who break wedlock or shed blood
women who break wedlock or shed blood
women who break wedlock or shed blood are judged I will bring blood upon you
are judged I will bring blood upon you
are judged I will bring blood upon you in fury and jealousy I will also give
in fury and jealousy I will also give
in fury and jealousy I will also give you into their hand and they shall throw
you into their hand and they shall throw
you into their hand and they shall throw down your shrines and break down your
down your shrines and break down your
down your shrines and break down your high places they shall also strip you of
high places they shall also strip you of
high places they shall also strip you of your clothes take your beautiful jewelry
your clothes take your beautiful jewelry
your clothes take your beautiful jewelry and leave you naked and bare they shall
and leave you naked and bare they shall
and leave you naked and bare they shall also bring up an assembly against you
also bring up an assembly against you
also bring up an assembly against you and they shall stone you with stones and
and they shall stone you with stones and
and they shall stone you with stones and thrust you through with their swords
thrust you through with their swords
thrust you through with their swords they shall burn your houses with fire
they shall burn your houses with fire
they shall burn your houses with fire and execute judgments on you in the
and execute judgments on you in the
and execute judgments on you in the sight of many women and I will make you
sight of many women and I will make you
sight of many women and I will make you cease playing the harlot and you shall
cease playing the harlot and you shall
cease playing the harlot and you shall no longer hire lovers so I will lay to
no longer hire lovers so I will lay to
no longer hire lovers so I will lay to rest my fury toward you and my jealousy
rest my fury toward you and my jealousy
rest my fury toward you and my jealousy shall depart from you I will be quiet
shall depart from you I will be quiet
shall depart from you I will be quiet and be angry no more because you did not
and be angry no more because you did not
and be angry no more because you did not remember the days of your youth but
remember the days of your youth but
remember the days of your youth but agitated me with all these things surely
agitated me with all these things surely
agitated me with all these things surely I will also recompense your deeds on
I will also recompense your deeds on
I will also recompense your deeds on your own
your own
your own and you shall not commit lewdness in
and you shall not commit lewdness in
and you shall not commit lewdness in addition to all your abominations indeed
addition to all your abominations indeed
addition to all your abominations indeed everyone who quotes Proverbs will use
everyone who quotes Proverbs will use
everyone who quotes Proverbs will use this proverb against you like mother
this proverb against you like mother
this proverb against you like mother like daughter you are your mother's
like daughter you are your mother's
like daughter you are your mother's daughter loathing husband and children
daughter loathing husband and children
daughter loathing husband and children and you are the sister of your sisters
and you are the sister of your sisters
and you are the sister of your sisters who load their husbands and children
who load their husbands and children
who load their husbands and children your mother was a hittite and your
your mother was a hittite and your
your mother was a hittite and your father and amirite your elder sister is
father and amirite your elder sister is
father and amirite your elder sister is samaria who dwells with her daughters to
samaria who dwells with her daughters to
samaria who dwells with her daughters to the north of you and your younger sister
the north of you and your younger sister
the north of you and your younger sister who dwells to the south of you is sodom
who dwells to the south of you is sodom
who dwells to the south of you is sodom and her daughters you did not walk in
and her daughters you did not walk in
and her daughters you did not walk in their ways nor act according to their
their ways nor act according to their
their ways nor act according to their abominations but as if that were too
abominations but as if that were too
abominations but as if that were too little you became more corrupt than they
little you became more corrupt than they
little you became more corrupt than they in all your ways as I live says the Lord
in all your ways as I live says the Lord
in all your ways as I live says the Lord God neither your sister Sodom nor her
God neither your sister Sodom nor her
God neither your sister Sodom nor her daughters have done as you and your
daughters have done as you and your
daughters have done as you and your daughters have done look this was the
daughters have done look this was the
daughters have done look this was the iniquity of your sister Sodom she and
iniquity of your sister Sodom she and
iniquity of your sister Sodom she and her daughter had pride fullness of food
her daughter had pride fullness of food
her daughter had pride fullness of food and abundance of idleness neither did
and abundance of idleness neither did
and abundance of idleness neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and
she strengthen the hand of the poor and
she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy and they were haughty and
needy and they were haughty and
needy and they were haughty and committed abomination before me
committed abomination before me
committed abomination before me therefore I took them away as I saw fit
therefore I took them away as I saw fit
therefore I took them away as I saw fit samaria did not commit half of your sins
samaria did not commit half of your sins
samaria did not commit half of your sins but you have multiplied your
but you have multiplied your
but you have multiplied your abominations more than they and have
abominations more than they and have
abominations more than they and have justified your sisters by all the
justified your sisters by all the
justified your sisters by all the abominations which you have done you who
abominations which you have done you who
abominations which you have done you who judged your sisters bear your own shame
judged your sisters bear your own shame
judged your sisters bear your own shame also because the sins which you
also because the sins which you
also because the sins which you committed were more abominable than
committed were more abominable than
committed were more abominable than theirs they are more righteous than you
theirs they are more righteous than you
theirs they are more righteous than you yes be disgraced also and bear your own
yes be disgraced also and bear your own
yes be disgraced also and bear your own shame because you justified your
shame because you justified your
shame because you justified your sister's when I bring back their
sister's when I bring back their
sister's when I bring back their captives the captives of Sodom and her
captives the captives of Sodom and her
captives the captives of Sodom and her daughters and the captives of Samaria
daughters and the captives of Samaria
daughters and the captives of Samaria and her daughters then I will also bring
and her daughters then I will also bring
and her daughters then I will also bring back the captives of your captivity
back the captives of your captivity
back the captives of your captivity among them that you may bear your own
among them that you may bear your own
among them that you may bear your own shame and be disgraced by all that you
shame and be disgraced by all that you
shame and be disgraced by all that you did when you comforted them when your
did when you comforted them when your
did when you comforted them when your sisters Sodom and her daughters returned
sisters Sodom and her daughters returned
sisters Sodom and her daughters returned to their former state and Samaria and
to their former state and Samaria and
to their former state and Samaria and her daughters returned to their former
her daughters returned to their former
her daughters returned to their former state then you and your daughters will
state then you and your daughters will
state then you and your daughters will return to your former state for your
return to your former state for your
return to your former state for your sister Sodom was not a byword in your
sister Sodom was not a byword in your
sister Sodom was not a byword in your mouth in the days of your pride before
mouth in the days of your pride before
mouth in the days of your pride before your wickedness was uncovered it was
your wickedness was uncovered it was
your wickedness was uncovered it was like the time of the reproach of the
like the time of the reproach of the
like the time of the reproach of the daughters of Syria and all those around
daughters of Syria and all those around
daughters of Syria and all those around her and of the daughters of the
her and of the daughters of the
her and of the daughters of the Philistines who despised you everywhere
Philistines who despised you everywhere
Philistines who despised you everywhere you have paid for your lewdness and your
you have paid for your lewdness and your
you have paid for your lewdness and your abominations says the Lord for thus says
abominations says the Lord for thus says
abominations says the Lord for thus says the Lord God I will deal with you as you
the Lord God I will deal with you as you
the Lord God I will deal with you as you have done who despised the oath by
have done who despised the oath by
have done who despised the oath by breaking the Covenant nevertheless I
breaking the Covenant nevertheless I
breaking the Covenant nevertheless I will remember my covenant with you in
will remember my covenant with you in
will remember my covenant with you in the days of your youth and I will
the days of your youth and I will
the days of your youth and I will establish an everlasting covenant with
establish an everlasting covenant with
establish an everlasting covenant with you then you will remember your ways and
you then you will remember your ways and
you then you will remember your ways and be ashamed when you receive your older
be ashamed when you receive your older
be ashamed when you receive your older and your younger sisters for I will give
and your younger sisters for I will give
and your younger sisters for I will give them to you for daughters but not
them to you for daughters but not
them to you for daughters but not because of my covenant with you and I
because of my covenant with you and I
because of my covenant with you and I will establish my covenant with you then
will establish my covenant with you then
will establish my covenant with you then you shall know that I am the Lord that
you shall know that I am the Lord that
you shall know that I am the Lord that you may remember and be ashamed and
you may remember and be ashamed and
you may remember and be ashamed and never open your mouth any more because
never open your mouth any more because
never open your mouth any more because of your shame when I provide you an
of your shame when I provide you an
of your shame when I provide you an atonement for all you have done says the
atonement for all you have done says the
atonement for all you have done says the Lord God